The plan is here with another video
And this time we're going to give
continuity to our texture
the staff spoke sports you did not
finished
the really personal ores do not
finished the ore was missing here
emerald then tell me what you
found the emerald of our texture
because the texture is also yours and the
Staff spoke to make it clearer.
I iron it, I have trouble
Personally I'm kind of bi in photoshop but
It's okay and I made two more bids.
to be faster here
I think in the next video I'm going
finish the lans né
and I think it's getting pretty cool because
the streets this way will favor the
personal that also makes pixel art
including me because I will be doing
pixel art with our texture and I did
this block here
in fact it was a writer a friend did
is the common brick block shouted that
added the musicians here with you
you can see it was very interesting as well
cool and the cracked did not look so cool
answered only got cracked here
So I'll be changing to see if it can
give improved it and come up
here the obesity the staff we will see
O here or negligence can be you
You can see it is just like the stone but
She's purple, I understand. I wonder if
Do you want to divert purple or black?
bet on the comments to the sound the
feedback from you is very very
important and now it 's going to show that
all our pictures of
As far as I can see, we have the
oliver of the brain jabuti defendant logo de
nose clippers
here we have the and show android or
redstone and the spit we have his dawn
and inside the staff looks I think it was
a writing that said spock is missing
a television
so here we now have a table with the
personal television I hope you
have enjoyed
To make our room we have here the bed
clip
so this is it is let's recap the
blocks as the end of all textures
here o
Let's show that we have the emerald
we live the lans the brick with moss to
obsidian and a painting with the television
certain people
I hope you have enjoyed this
which was the texture number 10
our texture number 10 and for you
to help acrylic type personnel not
last a second just press the button
like you will be helping
immensely one year in stock and our
posture is the second video feedback
It was really cool on like it was cinnamon
it was horrible the personal cinnamon so
Thank you very much one more time
so if you want to help sport
our texture if you already know how
so a strong embrace of stock
I was personal now there is a television and I went
play